It brings us great joy
to help our Bible students
feed themselves spiritually
so that they can continue
to make spiritual progress
and move ever closer to serving Jehovah.
The spiritual food that they digest
at their weekly Bible study
or their own personal research
is very beneficial.
It fills that spiritual need,
that void, in them.
It’s also very appetizing,
much like eating an appetizer.
An appetizer is something that is served
before serving the main course.
It’s meant to whet the appetite
before eating the main course.
Have you invited your Bible student
to enjoy the main course
of spiritual food at the Kingdom Hall?
Many have, and they have seen their students
advance and really become happier.
But some have held back.
They feel that they don’t want
to rush their student into anything,
put too much pressure on them.
But this is exactly what your student needs.
Invite them as soon as possible.
Never hold back because you could
possibly be holding them back
from making progress.
Think about how the meetings have
helped you personally and your family.
And think about how the meetings
will help your student.
King David knew that finding joy
and true happiness
only comes from drawing close to Jehovah
and worshipping Him at his house.
Notice what he says at Psalm 65:4.
He says: “Happy is the one whom you choose
“and bring near to reside in your courtyards.
“We will be satisfied
with the goodness of your house,
your holy temple.”
Well, no doubt your Bible student
is happy with their Bible study
and what they’re learning about Jehovah.
They have deep gratitude.
Well, what is gratitude?
Gratitude means “appreciating
what kindness is shown to you.”
But it also means “showing appreciation
and returning kindness.”
Worshipping Jehovah
is how we return kindness,
show our appreciation and our gratitude.
And when we do this, Jehovah is happy,
which makes us happy as well.
Notice in the following dramatization
how Neeta
invites her Bible study,
Jade, to attend meetings.
Yeah,
a sister died in that attack;
it was really sad.
So that’s “time and unexpected events”?
Well, it’s one of those cases where . . .
What about when someone survives
because they’re at the meeting?
That’s, um—
I don’t get it.
Straight answer
—Does Jehovah protect Witnesses or not?
It’s funny.
My meeting part tonight covers that point.
Why don’t you come?
You’re really pushing those meetings,
aren’t you?
What time?
I couldn’t believe I missed her part,
but it wasn’t a total loss.
Neeta had said, “At the Hall,
everyone loves one another.”
But until I’d felt it, I had no idea.
I told her I’d be back.
How did Jade feel when she
attended her first meeting?
Well, she really enjoyed it, and she
remembered what Neeta told her
‘that everyone at the Kingdom Hall
loves one another,’
and Jade had to admit,
“But until I’d felt it, I had no idea.”
She could’ve read it.
She could’ve heard about it.
But until she was there and feeling the love—
She wanted to come back.
Yes, attending meetings goes hand-in-hand
with making spiritual progress.
As much as they love their
home Bible study, it’s like an appetizer.
It’s one part
of the spiritual feeding program
that Jehovah provides at the Kingdom Hall
—that main course provided
through the faithful slave.
So during each Bible study, it would be
good to explain to your student
what has affected you, what impacted you,
to help make wise decisions,
what encouraged you.
Share it with them, and share a point
that would help them.
Again, whet their appetite.
Pique their interest.
And when they come to the meeting,
they will see true Christian love,
unfailing love in action.
They will see others
trying to put into action,
applying, what they’re
learning at the meetings.
They will make true friends
that will help support them
and help them to progress spiritually.
Attending meetings can be a bit intimidating
for some and cause some anxiety,
so it’d be good to explain to them what
they might expect when they attend.
And one of the best ways
to do this is showing them a video
entitled What Happens at a Kingdom Hall?
And this will really put them at ease
and really help them have less anxiety
when they do finally come.
It’d be good to also invite others
to the Bible study so that when your student
does finally make it to the meeting,
they will see many familiar faces
and feel much more comfortable.
And let the friends in the congregation know
that your student is coming to the meeting
so that when they walk through the door,
they can come over,
give them a warm welcome,
make them feel comfortable.
This is what Neeta did for Jade,
and it worked so well.
It helped her to progress.
Your student is a guest in Jehovah’s house.
Make them feel special,
and make them feel comfortable
by offering practical help before the meeting
as well as during the meeting.
So, well in advance,
whet their appetite on what they
will learn once they come to the meeting.
It’s like showing them a menu
of what they will enjoy
with the main course at the meeting.
Offer to provide a ride to your students
and have them sit with you at the meetings.
It would also be good to make sure
that they have the publications
that will be discussed at the meeting,
either hardcopy or have it downloaded
on their device.
As we have discussed, attending meetings
and enjoying the main course
of spiritual food at the Kingdom Hall
will help your student in so many ways.
It will make them feel happier,
help them to continue progressing,
so they can draw close to Jehovah.
The apostle Paul
gives us some more indications
on what your student can enjoy.
Please notice with me
what he says at Colossians 2:7.
He said in verse 6 that they
should ‘keep on walking.’
But then in verse 7,
that they should be “rooted
and built up in him [Jesus]
“and being stabilized in the faith,
just as you were taught,
and overflowing with thanksgiving.”
So their appreciation, their gratitude
—they will want to go
to the meetings and worship Jehovah.
So continue to find joy in helping
your student feed themselves spiritually,
but also help them to appreciate
attending meetings on a weekly basis.
Make it a way of life for them
so that they can enjoy everlasting life.
Brother Kenneth Cook,
a member of the Governing Body,
will now consider
the next part of this symposium
entitled “Help Your Bible Students to . . .
Avoid Bad Associations.”